# Epistemology
Lecture 2, Intro to Philosophy, Fall 2024

## Several Definitions

### Propositional Knowledge 命题知识
Relation between **subjects** and **propositions**; expressed using 'S knows that p'.

Propositions are meanings of complete declarative sentences. **Can be True or False.**

### Analyses & Conterexamples
#### Concept Analyses
Give definitions $X = Attempt$

`Eg. M: A mother = a woman who has given birth.`

#### Conterexamples
Cases where something is X but not A

`Eg. Adoptive mothers`

Three ways to respond to a counterexample:

* Add something to X
* Add something to A
* Reject the counterexample

## The JTB Analysis of Knowledge
JTB: S knows that p = S has a **j**ustified **t**rue **b**elief that p

1. p is True
2. S believes that p (**belief信念**)
3. S is justified in believing that p (roughly: S believes that p for good reasons)

## The Gettier Cases
Counterexamples to JTB
1. The Ten Coin Case
2. The Ford Case "A or B"?

### The Gettier Formula
Ways to generate gettier cases
* Step 1: Take a belief that is formed in a way that it would usually result in a false belief, but which is justified nonetheless.
* Step 2: Make the belief true, albeit true for reasons that have nothing to do with the agent's justification.

## Strategies for JTB theorists
### First Strategy
Deny that Gettier case is a counterexample to JTB theory.
### Second Strategy
Modify JTB

## No False Grounds Theory (NFG)
All of S's grounds for believing that p are true.

Gettier's original cases are not counterexamples to JTB+NFG

### Counterexample: The stopped clock case

## The Causal Theory of Knowledge
Causal Theory:

S knows that p = S has a belief that P, which was casually connected to the fact that p
